Outline of classes we need to write:

1. Question Randomizer. I have no idea how many levels we can put in this, but we need a randomized set of questions.

The way I propose to handle this is by creating a set of questions for each difficulty level:
(100 questions for the easy part, 100 for the moderate part, and 100 for the hard part)
Those numbers are tentative, I have no idea how many we need.

Furthermore, this game won't have a difficulty selection before starting. Rather, the difficulty will scale up the further you make it.

2. CPU Usage Bar (Effectively your HP bar)

This will most likely just redraw a bar at the bottom left of the screen from a very short green rectangle to a tall, red rectangle.
We can draw those little measurement ticks beside the bar, but that's purely aesthetic and we can worry about it later.
We should probably draw this and import the image instead of using an actual slider.

3. Trivia Boxes

Just a JPanel with 4 JButtons, each with a choice on them. Simple enough, I presume.

4. Mundane Background.

Remember, the point of the game is to clear popups from your screen while you are doing mundane, normal PC things.
We're going to need drawings of the background (much more prefereble than shitty Google images).
Perhaps, upon level clear, we can animate the 'player' switch to a different activity before the next level starts.

5. HUD Timer

Well no shit, it's a quiz game, why wouldn't there be a time trial high score system? Just a litle display at the top right of the screen.
Aesthetics come later, we just need it working for now.

6. High Score Display List

We'll need 2 separate high score lists: one for those who lose before all the questions are complete, and one for those who complete.

A score multiplier will be given for each time interval. For example, beating a single level in 1 to 2 minutes gives you a score multiplier of 50.
Between 2 to 3 minutes, the score multiplier is 42. Anything beyond 10 minutes or so, and the score multiplier is constant at 5.

Those who beat the game get a "Game Clear" bonus that scales in a similar manner off of how long it took them to beat the entire game.
These values will probably have to be balanced, but that won't be hard. Implement it first, worry about balance later.

7. Level Clear + Score Display

We need a Level Clear Congratulations sequence. Which game doesn't have one of those? 
The final score for each level will display during this sequence.
Your final score will only display if you lose or beat the game, so don't put that in here.
We could also maybe throw in a "Questions Correctly Answered" in this screen too.

8. Pause Menu

Create a KeyListener that takes a key (P, or Spacebar) and pops up a pause-menu on command. The timer will freeze.
From here, you can quit early, resume, and set certain options
I have no idea what these options will be, stay posted.

9. Audio Sequences

We need some sort of event trigger for certain events. Let's say once yu get past the "easy" questions, a new BGM starts to play.
Level Clear will have its own littel fanfare music, and Critical CPU damage will have its own tense music.
I'll get the music files, we just need to import them.

10. Easter eggs?

Perhaps, for some select questions, we'll throw in a secondary choice. 
I don't know what this will do. Perhaps send you to a bonus level with smooth jazz music.
Maybe it will start a new BGM of smooth jazz music.
Something involving smooth jazz music. I like smooth jazz music.

We could probably have a certain extra clickable area on the the screen that you would only notice if you were ACTIVELY looking for it.
This does some sort of fancy easter egg effect. Maybe change the background screen to a picture of my shirtless, Calvin Klein-level model body (just kidding).

11. Main Menu

Almost forgot about this. Similar to the pause menu, we can probably inherit some methods anyways. Standard, run-of-the-mill menu.
We can worry about making it look nice later.

